



More About Me





		@media all {
			.lightbox { display: none; }
		}
	

















Home 




About 



Github 



Blog 








More About Me










Background  Salman is currently an Undergraduate Physics Major at the Rochester Institue of Technology. Born in the rural parts of Bangladesh and brought to New York City at three months with his parents. He spent his early childhood in Queens, Elmhurst and his teenage years in the Bronx, Parkchester. On his free time Salman enjoys Chess, Skateboarding, and Playing Video Games with his Brother. Some of his interests include Programming Languages, Technology, and Scientific Knowledge. Salman knows HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Python, Ruby and is teaching himself Lisp and C. He resides in Rochester, New York working on developing this website and other small projects Interests  A few of his interests include the following but not limited to programming, robotics, all-things-linux, web-design, logical reasoning, philosophy, human-consciousness, artificial intelligence … and much more. Salman being a huge linux enthusiast is deeply interested and concerned with open-source and privacy matters. He has been experienced multiple linux distributions ranging from Ubuntu, Arch-Linux, Fedora to Kali Linux.  Hobbies / Activities  Often reading a book about programming or physics. Learning and self teaching myself as many programming languages as possible. Attend Robotics Club and tinker with robots. Mentor elementary kids and introducing/teaching them robotics and programming. Working on personal programs and projects and uploading them on github. Attending Archery club and shooting targets. Bodybuilding at the gym with friends.Languages  English – Primary language and the language that I am most fluant and comfortable with.Bengali – My parents native tongue and the language I use to talk to them.Spanish – Can hold a conversation.Latin – only basic words.German – teaching myself at the moment.Python – Creating small scripts and games with pyGame.C++ – Used for personal Arduino projects and robotics.Java – Used for Android Studio Development.HTML/CSS/PHP – Used for website and server related projects. Such as this.BASH – Used for putting two programs functionalities to work.LISP – Currently learning. Familiar with EMACS LISP and Common Lisp.Clojure - Constructed a few GUI's using JFrames.Goals  Graduate College (Bachelors of Science [Physics])Become proficient in 10 programming languagesWrite a book and have it publishedInvent something that’ll help peopleDo some kind of researchStart a YouTube












© 2016 Salman Hossain


Top 












